#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via apache-airflow-providers-http
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.12.0
    # via apache-airflow
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.0.0
    # via httpcore
apache-airflow==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
    #   apache-airflow-providers-ftp
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   apache-airflow-providers-imap
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sqlite
apache-airflow-providers-common-sql==1.7.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-sqlite
apache-airflow-providers-ftp==3.5.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-http==4.5.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-imap==3.3.2
    # via apache-airflow
apache-airflow-providers-sqlite==3.4.3
    # via apache-airflow
apispec[yaml]==5.2.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argcomplete==3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   django
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   apache-airflow
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via flask-babel
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
black==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.6.2
    # via apache-airflow
build==1.0.3
    # via pip-tools
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-session
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
cattrs==23.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   pip-tools
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via connexion
colorama==0.4.6
    # via flask-appbuilder
colorlog==4.8.0
    # via apache-airflow
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
configupdater==3.1.1
    # via apache-airflow
connexion[flask]==2.14.2
    # via apache-airflow
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
croniter==1.4.1
    # via apache-airflow
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via apache-airflow
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   limits
dill==0.3.7
    # via apache-airflow
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
django==4.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.20.1
    # via python-daemon
email-validator==1.3.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.12.4
    # via virtualenv
flask==2.2.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
flask-appbuilder==4.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-caching==2.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
flask-jwt-extended==4.5.2
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-limiter==3.5.0
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
flask-session==0.5.0
    # via apache-airflow
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
flask-wtf==1.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core==2.11.1
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.99.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.23.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.60.0
    # via google-api-core
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via apache-airflow
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via apache-airflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.25.0
    # via apache-airflow
identify==2.5.29
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.13.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   build
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   limits
inflection==0.5.1
    # via connexion
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.12.2
    # via ipykernel
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   python-nvd3
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask-appbuilder
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
limits==3.6.0
    # via flask-limiter
linkify-it-py==2.0.2
    # via apache-airflow
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-daemon
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown==3.4.4
    # via apache-airflow
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
marshmallow-oneofschema==3.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.26.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via apache-airflow
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via flask-limiter
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   black
    #   build
    #   connexion
    #   gunicorn
    #   ipykernel
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pandas==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   black
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via apache-airflow
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   pytest
pre-commit==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prison==0.2.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.24.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2-binary==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
pydantic-core==2.6.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-daemon==3.0.1
    # via apache-airflow
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   croniter
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-nvd3==0.15.0
    # via apache-airflow
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   python-nvd3
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   pandas
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
redis==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spotipy
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-airflow-providers-http
    #   connexion
    #   google-api-core
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   spotipy
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via apache-airflow-providers-http
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via apache-airflow
rich==13.5.2
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-limiter
    #   rich-argparse
rich-argparse==1.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via apache-airflow
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   prison
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   spotipy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
spotipy==2.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==1.4.49
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   apache-airflow
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-jsonfield
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-jsonfield==1.0.1.post0
    # via apache-airflow
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.1
    # via flask-appbuilder
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   apache-airflow-providers-common-sql
    #   django
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via apache-airflow
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via apache-airflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via apache-airflow
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   mypy
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.10.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   annotated-types
    #   apache-airflow
    #   asgiref
    #   black
    #   cattrs
    #   flask-limiter
    #   ipython
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.2
    # via linkify-it-py
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via apache-airflow
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
    #   spotipy
virtualenv==20.24.5
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via
    #   apache-airflow
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-login
wheel==0.41.2
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-appbuilder
    #   flask-wtf
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
